A picture of a hammer hitting a nail.
Three men are striking on an official picket on the street
Two doctors are talking to each other in the lab.
The person is examining a map to look for directions in the grand scenery.
The man is clearing the snow from the road using a snowblower
The person with a backpack is crawling up a stony area.
The person is squeezing lightly during the massage to reduce tension in the shoulder.
The tool is drilling into a piece of metal using the measurement to get the right depth.
A man with a stick is mounting an elephant.
The silver coin is spinning on a reflective surface.
A policeman is drawing out his gun and pointing it towards a suspect.
A large group of people are waiting in queues to get into a glass building.
The two people in suits are shaking their hands.
The man is blowing up a blue balloon in the living room.
A ladder is hanging from the ceiling in a storage room.
A man in heavy gear is mounting a ladder to get up the ice cliff.
The boy is waiting for some food to be put in his plate.
One man with a read snowblower and one man with a yellow snowblower are attempting to clear the snow from the walkway.
A beautiful tiger is sticking his tongue out at the camera man that is taking his picture.
A person is tearing a red piece of paper into strips
A donkey hauling a very heavy load is walking down the road.
Hillary Clinton is waving to the crowd and is wearing a brown suit.
Two people are reaching toward each other to shake their hands.
The man is drawing back on the arrow and a yellow line is marking the spot.
An older gentleman is calling out someone.
A man is pressing the wrinkles out of his shirt using an iron
A grey car with doors open is blown up into a fiery explosion
A man  wearing a hard hat is cutting a tree with a power tool.
Two men are in a repair shop: one is fixing a bicycle, the other is at the workbench
The infant with a pacifier in her mouth has tears from crying.
The  man is cutting diamonds using a metal tool.
A man in fluorescent vest  is clearing litter in the plaza area.
A group of men and women are watching a game and look disappointed.
A tan dog is squeezing through the sliding door with its paw
Someone has just finished whipping eggs in a glass bowl.
Someone is whipping eggs in a steel bowl while adding sugar
Two men are shaking their hands.
Someone is grinding metal with a power tool and there are electrical sparks all around.
A man has set himself on fire in the middle of the road and he is screaming.
A woman dressed in black is trying to hang herself.
A man on a empty dirt road is watching the illumination of the starts in the sky.
A woman dressed in black is begging for mercy from two people who are shaming her.
People are moving around in a subway train.
A basketball player spins a basketball on one finger.
A man wearing a hooded cap is breaking into a house using a crowbar on the glass door
A steel hammer is shown ready to hit a nail into a board of wood.
A little kid in santa fur cap is looking throgh the window.
A therapist is pressing the forehead of a customer in a head massage.
A grey haired man wearing glasses is blowing glass.
A girl student is talking to a teen boy while sitting at a table.
An elderly man is brushing his teeth with a toothbrush.
A man and a woman are locking their arms on a red carpet.
A woman blowing glass on a long stick.
An insect (a ladybug) is crawling on a leaf.
A person cutting several different types of vegetables on a wooden counter.
People are riding on a boat on the water.
A group of men are grinding cane outside.
A flock of sheep are blocking the road for a passing car.
A man and woman checking the map for directions.
A large machinery is drilling well in a desert.
A donkey carrying supplies is walking down the street.
The person in shorts is looking at the gray sky while standing in middle of an empty street.
A man is mounting up the ladder during a cloudy day.
A group of people are flying tea-light lanterns in the evening sky
The men with white hats are moving the black couch.
People wearing red and white shirts are watching a game.
Two young women are carrying yellow containers filled with water while hiking up a mountain.
Someone is fixing the lady's hair while she is looking at her phone.
The three men are locked up in a jail.
The lady with brown eyes is brushing her teeth.
A man in a turban and a woman are covering their heads with blanket and are smiling to the camera.
A lady with a huge cleaver is chopping meat on a wooden chopping board.
The big power drill is drilling through a metal slab.
The man with short brown hair and blue eyes has his hand covering his mouth.
The three women wearing black shorts and black shirts are playing volleyball while one is serving the ball.
An infant with blond hair and wearing blue is crying while someone is shoving a blue pacifier in his mouth.
The lady doctoris carrying the baby while the baby is looking down.
The man in white shirt is blocking his ears with his hands.
The lady with a towel on her head is spreading cream on her face with the assistance of a mirror
The man in the tan pants and a blue shirt is jumping to catch a train.
The lady with the manicured nails is shaking the salt into her other hand.
The girl in white pants, white sneakers, and a white hat is spreading her legs and smiling at the camera.
Two men are sitting on a horse drawn carriage.
A group of children are carrying water in metal containers on their heads
At night, it looks like there is a fire that is spreading.
A woman is blowing her with a hair dier and curling brush.
A young woman is looking for directions at a signpost with three empty signs.
A golfer hits the ball across the fairway on a beautiful day.
A group of people dressed in black are paying tribute at a funeral.
A group of people wearing 3D glasses are watch a movie in a theater while munching on popcorn.
A little girl looks through binoculars while standing amongst the greenery.
Someone is clearing rubbish by sifting it from the clear water.
A group of people are breaking into laughter at a ceremony.
A beautiful blonde woman with very red lips blows a kiss.
A boxer is striking his opponent in the face.
A young boy is sitting and watching a program on television.
A person is diving under the sea among colorful coral reefs
A group of black soldiers are drilling at military commands and marching.
A woman is brushing her beautiful hair while viewing her image in a mirror.
Someone is lifting a phone receiver to make a call.
A man wearing jeans and a white tee shirt is chopping firewood with an axe.
A pair of female soccer players are crying out after suffering the pain of defeat.
A woman is covering her eyes with both hands but she can still peak out through her fingers.
A  woman is squeezing gel from a bottle on her head to fix her hair color.
A pair of salt and pepper grinders shake their contents into small piles.
Two men and a woman dressed in business attire are talking to each other.
Someone is grinding spices in a black and grey mortar with a pestle.
A woman appears exasperated as she carries two large boxes.
A small baby is crying and a woman is trying to  comfort him  over her shoulder.
A young girl is paying for her purchase at a market.
A woman in a red dress is diving under the sea.
Tow old men are destroying a dollar bill in  clear shredder.
Someone is destroying the data on hard drive using a small hammer.
A fire is spreading in the forest and two firefighters are spraying water to stop it.
A man is drilling a wodden ball wit a metal drill and holding the ball.
A hand is squeezing an orange smiley face ball from a pile of stress balls.
A cowboy is driving a small herd of horses across the snowy plains.
A jockey in a horse race is whipping his horse to make it go faster.
A man and woman are grinding tree branches in a clearing in the woods.
A woman wearing a g string is wrapping her legs around the pole of the bus she is catching.
A man and woman in a park are locking their lips around a piece of food.
A man is squeezing a stress ball in the shape of a heart.
A man is riding a motorcycle around a curve in the countryside.
A hand is squeezing a stress ball in the shape of a yellow banana
A woman with long hair is blowing it dry with a hair dryer and a round brush
The dealer is distributing cards at a gaming table in a casino.
A front end loader is clearing snow off the road and dumping the cleared snow into a truck.
A man is carrying a little girl on his shoulders as she rests her hands on his bald head.
A teenage boy and girl in a park are locking eyes just before they kiss each other.
A woman is spreading cream on her face from a small jar.
A smiling young man and woman are seated in theater waiting to watch a movie.
A chef is brushing a baking pan with butter.
A man is drilling a plank of wood with his hand.
A woman is fixing a tent in a grassy campsite.
Many colorful origami cranes hang from the ceiling in mobiles.
A young woman is jumping in the air and waving her arms around.
Someone is climbing a mountain with steep hill on a sunny day.
A man walking up a mountainous trail with a group of donkeys that are carrying bags on their backs.
An Asian woman is lifting up a baby who is only wearing a diaper and bracelet.
Two hands are being used to tear a blank piece of paper.
A man is looking at his watch while talking to someone on his cell phone.
A man is driving a herd of horses down a valley in pursuit of a dalmation horse
A young boy is climbing up a tree and finds a yellow flower.
A young man is  riding a skateboard down the street in front of a building.
A couple look at a painting while standing in a house together.
A man is blue shirt is driving a herd of sheep into their pen.
A young child with long curly hair is brushing his teeth with a blue and yellow toothbrush.
The front of a car is wrecked after it is hit by another vehicle in an accident.
A man is moving in a machine meant to help disabled people.
Someone is squeeze the juice out of a lemon using their right hand.
Barack Obama is brushing some dirt off of his left shoulder
A woman in business attire is looking at her watch while sitting on an airplane.
A person in scuba gear is diving under the sea to take photographs of the coral reef
A woman in striped shirt is calling someone on a mobile phone.
A young woman wearing a white shirt is pressing her hands together on a beach.
A man lifts a large and heavy rock while others watch him.
A large eagle is spreading its wings in a desert area.
Two people of different ethnicity shake their hands with each other.
A man wearing a collared shirt and glasses is blowing a balloon.
A man in a suit is locking his car in a parking area with a key fob.
A woman is climbing up a large set of stairs outside in the daytime.
Two male pronghorns have locked horns while fighting in the desert scrub.
A seamstress is fixing a dress while posing for a picture.
A little girl is blowing her nose into a tissue while standing outside in the daylight.
The male security officer is stuffing money into an addressed envelope.
A woman with large earrings in a bright pink smock is setting her hair with curlers.
A child is riding on shoulders of a man and smiling at the camera.
People are riding a motorboat on a lake surrounded by mountains.
The woman is looking at artwork hanging on a wall.
The cowboys are driving a hred of the wild horses through the mountains.
A bomb is blowing up into the sky and turned orange.
A male chef is chopping onions on a cutting board.
A woman in a red tank top is looking surprised and covering her mouth.
The female airport security officer is checking a man's luggage for security.
The alert dog is watching sheep while laying on the snow covered hill.
A pilot is flying a small red and white airplane above the clouds.
Two swimmers dive into their lanes at an outdoor pool on a sunny day.
Students are paying attention in the class except for one young man who is looking at the camera.
Someone is grinding corn with a fancy tool in their kitchen
A dark skinned man's hands are squeezing water out of a red and white towel.
A man, a woman, and a child are riding in a blue rowboat with a green umbrella on a sunny day at the lake.
A waitress is serving food  in a retaurant.
An old lady is hand spinning wool while sitting outside on a brick patio.
A person is diving under the sea right next to a huge group of fish swimming away from them
A woman lying down on the ground is watching the stars in the sky.
A man in a blue suit in front of a yellow shelf uses a tool to fix a tire rim.
A man is flying through the air on a full-body parachute.
A thunderstorm lightning struck a group a boats floating on the water.
A person is flying a colorful parachute in the sky.
A group of people are waiting in a line outside a building.
A toy white bird with its wings spread out is standing on a newspaper with a photo frame and a plant beside him.
A man in a white sweater is looking thorough binoculars against a cloudy background.
A man n a blue suit and helmet uses a chainsaw to cut a tree in the woods.
A complicated machine is grinding the sugar cane
A group of people who are striking for their rights walk the streets with signs.
A man mounts a ladder to climb up a tree.
A man in a suit is  pressing his lips together.
A group on kids hang together in the grass and pose for a picture.
A little boy is flying his kite through the air in a grassy field.
A man is walking in the hallway with tables and chairs and thousands of small decorative bulbs are hanging from the roof.
Someone is hanging themselves from a tree with hills in the background.
A group of people are waiting in the line beside poles and their reflections can be seen on the floor.
A woman uses her hand to lift a phone to her ears.
A woman is looking at a painting in an art gallery
Someone is using their hand to hit a button on a machine.
A dentist  is grinding woman's teeth with a tool.
A colored woman in blowing up a pink balloon using her mouth
A man in a suit and tie is looking through binoculars at something.
A young man and woman with backpacks are looking at a map for directions.
A workman in boots is spreading cement mix on the floor.
A curly-haired toddler in a purple t-shirt and overalls covers her eyes and face with her hands.
A large crane is tearing down a house.
Someone is breaking an egg into a small bowl.
Two large male deer are locking horns in a snow forest.
Several people with their hands in the air wave small American flags.
A young man in faded jeans rides a skate board on a paved surface.
A man in a business suit is tearing his shirt to reveal a blue t-shirt underneath.
A pretty young woman with short hair covers her mouth with her fist.
A football player lies on the ground crying in pain after an injury and clutches his leg as a trainer tends to him.
A woman dressed in rubber gloves and a green and white polka dot apron is dusting kitchen sink.
A woman cries and her husband holds back tears at a military funeral.
An old wooden hammer is destroying the data on a hard disk drive
Someone is moving in a truck at an airstrip where a small yellow plane is about to land.
A man is distributing books to a group of young girls.
An old woman dressed in old fashioned clothes and wearing a cross around her neck is spinning wool at a spinning wheel
A pretty young woman is looking through the window at a large city with skyscrapers in the background.
Four students sit in row at their desks with pencils are  paying  attention in classroom.
A man in a purple shirt rides down a street in a horse-drawn cart.
A man in a green shirt climbs a steep hill against a background of blue sky.
A bridegroom places a wedding ring on the finger of his new bride.
Two young women are sitting on a steps and are looking for the directions in a map.
Someone is watching a football game on television.
A man in a jacket is watching a bird soar through the valley bellow from his high elevation
Four men in a bar wearing matching uniforms watch the game.
Two men are clearing the snow with a shovel and a machine.
The city sanitation workers clear the street of debris.
A woman is breaking down in tears
A young boy shakes a Christmas present to hear what's inside.
A man is carrying three boxes that are partially hiding him.
A man and a woman have their eyes locked on each other.
A bearded man is crawling down a flight of stairs.
A close-up of a person grinding their teeth in frustration.
A person is pressing their hands together.
A woman presses her hand to a girl's forehead, checking her temperature.
A man in a blue shirt is begging for food by extended his both hands together.
Two men are distributing books to four young boys.
A teenage girl with a backpack rides a skateboard along a path.
A silhouette of a person watching the starry night sky.
A woman with a magnifying glass is looking for clues on her laptop computer.
A little girl pulls on her pigtails while closing her eyes and sticking out her tongue.
Four people, two standing and two sitting on a bench, are looking at a piece of art.
A man is tearing his shirt, revealing the words "I'm Sorry" written on his chest.
A person is calling a taxi on a busy street.
Donald Trump poising to hit a button that has "wall" written on it.
Someone has stuffed money into this woman's shirt
People are sitting in chairs watching a movie in a dark movie theater.
A group of friends are hanging out and drinking coffee on a park bench.
A man stands on the edge of a cliff, blowing into a shell.
Some light blue colored insects crawling on a green leaf.
A woman is blowing her hair with a red hair dryer.
People are waiting for a bus to arrive
A group of men are diving from sky by forming a circle.
The girl is begging for mercy while kneeling down with her gun on the ground.
The girl is covering her mouth with her right hand and smiling at the camera.
A boy is chopping a piece of wood with a large axe
A woman is calling someone on her mobile phone.
The man is talking to the audience from a podium.
Five people are waiting for the bus at a bus stand.
The girl is covering her mouth with her hands
A couple of sheepdogs are driving a  large herd of sheep.
The man in red shirt is blowing into a flute.
A man is stuffing a large uncooked turkey with his hand.
The picture shows a man helping a woman in hanging a  wallpaper.
The picture shows a man playing volleyball and getting ready to serve.
The man is kneeling down to place a bouquet of flowers on a grave.
A woman is dusting a kitchen counter and a man is cleaning dishes behind her.
A player in a blue jersey is blocking the basketball shot by another player.
The man is diving through the clouds with a colorful parachute.
A large group of people are striking on the streets.
A woman standing outside is calling someone on her mobile phone.
A woman is having another woman set her hair using curlers.
A tall crane is being used to tear down the brick wall.
A group of young people are talking to each other at a party
A tractor-trailer is hauling several trucks.
A group of people are waiting in line outside of a building.
An angry man is about to shake his fist.
A worried mother is carrying a baby.
A waiter is serving food to customers in a restaurant.
A man on horseback is driving a herd of horses.
A tennis player is striking a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
An infant is crying his lungs out.
A woman is brushing horse hair.
A hand squeezes one half of an lemon to extract juice.
A man and a woman are moving and packing boxes.
A man is pressing the fingers of both hands against his forehead indicating headache.
A man is cutting the fallen branches with a chain saw.
A girls shakes a gift-wrapped box to try to determine its contents.
A woman is checking her messages on the phone while sitting near a street.
A person in dark blue shirt is breaking into laughter.
A young boy is looking for clues with this magnifying glass.
A Piston's basketball player is blocking the basketball shot by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
A crowd of Germans tear down a section of the Berlin Wall.
The wind is blowing four palm trees on a stormy day
A man is calling someone on his mobile phone.
A woman is using her left arm to call for a taxicab.
A man wearing a gray shirt is laying bricks to build a wall.
A young boy is blowing a ceremonial horn next to a lake.
A woman is dusting cupboards and similing at the camera.
Someone is hitting a nail into a plank of wood with a metal hammer.
Two women and a man are placing their order in a restraurant.
A man in a suit is talking to the audience on a spotlit stage
A crowd pays tribute to an important person at a funeral
A man with a large tub of popcorn is watching his two friends play video game.
A woman is carrying a toddler while a man watches.
A chef is chopping meat in a kitchen.
A bartender is shaking a martini shaker to make a drink.
Two men are moving sofa.
A waitress is waiting on a sweet couple during their date.
A man and the cows are drawing a plough through a field
A person wearing purple jersey is whipping a race horse.
All the people are waiting in line for the bus service.
Someone has broken an egg on the counter; the yolk is hiding inside the shell
A woman is stuffing turkey with a filling using her hand.
A boy in a blue shirt is covering his eyes with his hands.
Two stags are blocking the road by holding their tails together.
A man is standing near an arch and looking at the sky.
A man looks surprised while looking into his watch.
A woman is spinning wool on a large wodden yarn.
A construction worker is  laying down the tiles.
These men are riding camels in the very hot desert
A senior army officier is greeting other young men serving in the army.
This woman is soaking her feet in a small tub to get clean feet
Two groups of people are riding through the waves on speed boats.
A bridge is stuffing food into her mouth.
this women is brushing her hair underneath with a detangler brush.
A shepherd and a sheep-dog are driving a herd of sheep across a grassy plain
Two people climb to the very top of a cold snowy mountain.
This woman is waving her hair in a ad wearing only her bra.
A women in a towel is blowing a kiss at the camera.
A womn is hit on the face by a boot while reading a book.
A diver is diving under the sea and exploring beautiful coral reefs.
A blonde woman in pink swimwuit is riding a camel.
A woman is blowing her hair with hair dryer and brushing her hair simultaneously.
A man in a suit is talking at a podium while others sit on stage.
Several people are climbing up a ladder one after the other.
a fire is spreading across a field in the distance at night.
A man is lifting a baby while a woman wearing black scarf over her head watches over his shoulder.
A man is chopping wood and creating large wood piles.
A dog is catching a ball in the park.
Two men in blue shirts are fixing a bike in front of a woman.
A woman in a white robe is brushing her teeth with a red toothbrush
Several people are waiting to catch a double decker sight seeing bus
a white bird is spreading its wings and fly from a post
A woman without a shirt is waving with her head and hair
A person laying on the grass hill is watching birds through her expensive camera
Two animals are locking horns in a dry grassy field.
A man is distributing a product out of a wheelbarrow
A man is placing flowers on a gravesite in front of a headstone.
Someons is  squeezing an orange very hard.
A woman with blonde hair is using her hand to cover her mouth.
A man and a woman are packing and moving boxes.
A player is blocking the basketball shot while a large crowd is watching them.
A woman in a yellow shirt is brushing a brown horse.
A man in a suit is stuffing a pizza into his mouth.
A man dressed up as a pirate is crying out in pain after being injured by a sword
A hose is clearing rubbish from a window on 3rd floor of a building.
a series of shots of a white dog jumping in the air to catch a yellow ball
A man is cutting his throat with a razor blade.
People are flying lanterns into the sky at a ceremonial event or festival.
This man is checking the messages on his phone.
A little girl is placing flowers on a grave.
Two horses are drawing a carriage along the street
Someone is flying in a helicopter just a few meters above the road.
A woman is shaking the present sitting beside a christmas tree.
This woman is gently spreading the moisturizing cream over her face.
The black horse is mounting the brown horse with the clear intent of having intercourse since its penis is erect
Two young boys are looking through a a glass window and smiling to the camera.
A boy is climbing up a tree using his hands and poses for a picture.
A woman is smiling and paying another woman cash at a market for the goods she purchased.
This cook is pressing the dough around the edge of the bowel to form an attractive pattern so that they will stay sealed and look pretty
This bird has its wings spread out as it flies closer to its nest.
The two women are holding each other behind the head and are locked in an affectionate kiss.
Someone is  grinding metal at high speed and the resulting friction causes bright sparks to fly.
These people were moving quickly along the street as the camera caught the image
This woman is preparing for a large bite as she opens her mouth wide to stuff the thick sandwich into her mouth
A couple are packing and moving boxes from one home to the other.
A man is brushing his teeth and paying particular attention to his lower gum area.
Icing sugar was dusted over the top of a bundt cake .
These men are clearing away garbage and debris from the streets.
A picture of soldier with a prosthetic leg is serving in army and is holding a gun.
This woman is dusting the top of her kitchen cabinets in a very dainty fashion.
A fluffy white dog is catching a colorful ball with its mouth.
An elephant is hauling logs and a man through the jungle.
A woman tries to comfort her friend as they talk about the problem.
A man driving a herd camels through the desert.
A small white bug is crawling on green leaf.
A black swan is spreading its beautiful wings
The USA flag is waving in a strong wind against a blue sky
A man is climbing up a metal ladder and looks down onto something.
The waiter is serving white wine very delicately and carefully in a restaurant
A group of people are laying large pipes into the ground.
A caricature of two blue people moving furniture out of a moving truck.
A woman is begging for mercy by folding her hands.
A man is destroying data in hard drive using a metal hammer.
An elderly woman is blowing her nose.
Two men use a carpet to move a very heavy chest of drawers through the house with ease.
A group of people are standing in line to catch a train.
Someone is cutting a tree with an electric saw.
A woman with brown hair is sticking out her tongue
A group of friends are hanging out at a party and having drinks.
Two women are hanging out in the park while a man is checking messages on his phone.
The person tears a piece of cloth in half with force.
A man is checking his messages on his cell phone
Someone is using an iron to press their clothes on an iron board.
A girl in shorts is climbing up the hill.
A cart is used to haul the pieces of firewood.
A pride of lions are blocking the road.
The star actress is blowing a kiss towards the camera.
A woman in flourescent jacket and blue cap is clearing rubbish on the street.
A group of bridesmaids are catching a bouquet thrown by a bride.
An infant is crying in the arms of a man.
A man and two nuns are distributing food to the most needy in the streets of the city.
A man is cutting a large tree.
The man is destroying the statue.
A group of people are sky diving in a circle.
The people are moving forward.
A group of children are carrying water in cans.
Two oxen are drawing the plough through a field.
The person is grinding a powder with a pestle in a mortar dish
The students are paying attention in class, except for the woman smiling at the camera
A woman is covering her nose and mouth with her hands while smiling and looking at someone on the left.
This woman is grinding her teeth.
Someone is drilling a piece of wood outside
A man laying bricks outdoors.
Orange markers are blocking off a part of a city street because city is fixing the road
A woman grinds corn for dinner in a desert setting.
A woman setting her hair with curlers.
A waiter and waitress dressed in light blue is waiting in a restaurant.
Someone is hitting a golf ball with a golf club.
A man in a suit shaking his fist at someone indoors.
A boy in white blowing up a balloon with an all white background.
A man in a furry hat blowing a horn inside a market.
An archer draws an arrow aimed towards the blue cloudy sky.
A little boy in blue swimming trunks is climbing a ladder out of the water.
A fire is destroying a bridge over a river
An old beat-up truck that is red on the front half with a blue trailer is hauling a load of wood through the snow.
A woman with dark hair wearing a suit is looking at her watch.
A large group of pigs are blocking the road and a vehicle is unable to get through.
A very strong and muscular man is lifting a large concrete stone.
A beautiful white horse drawn carriage is by a park.
A woman in jeans and white t-shirt is lifting up a baby while sitting on the floor.
A horse drawn carriage is surrounded by yellow taxis on a busy street.
An elephant is blocking the road in front of a few cars and onlookers.
A construction worker wearing pale green gloves is laying rust colored bricks.
A little girl with light brown curly hair is blowing a kiss.
A woman with no clothes on and her eyes closed is brushing her long straight blonde hair.
A woman with her hair up in a red tank top is blocking her ears with her fingers.
Two women and a man are hanging out at a bar and are having drinks.
A man in a white shirt and dark colored pants is walking through a crowded town blowing his nose into a handkerchief.
A person in the background is watching a bird on a branch in the foreground
A town that looks like it's in the middle east is being blown up by a fiery bomb.
Construction workers are fixing the road and to avoid any accidents they placed a road closed sign.
A woman with her brown hair partially pulled back and curly in a red shirt is covering her mouth.
A woman in jeans and a tank top is spreading her arms across the sky like Jesus on a cross.
A family of shepherds are watching the sheep graze in a grassy area.
A woman with red finger nails is sticking some paper on a red wall with glue.
A toddler girl is taking a bath and brushing her teeth with a pink toothbrush.
A volleyball player is about to serve the ball during a game.
A man is blowing a glass piece inside a building.
A man in a black shirt is looking through a pair of binoculars.
A man is paying his respects and laying flowers in front of a statue of a little girl.
A couple are drinking coffee for breakfast and checking the map for the rest of the day
A black and white dog is catching a ball in the park.
A tourist is looking at the sights through binoculars.
A man is hanging from the ceiling surrounded by women and cats.
A chef is pressing dough with a rolling pin.
A man in a black shirt is breaking into a safe using a complex tool.
A woman is soaking her feet in a bowl of soapy solution.
The wind is blowing away dandelion seeds against a blue background.
A man in a blue robe is whipping a horse.
A young man is looking at the art in a gallery.
A woman is brushing horse's mane.
A man is standing in front of a horse drawn carriage.
A man is laying bricks next to an old brick building.
Men and women are standing in their army uniforms serving our country.
A statue of a man is hanging from a piece of metal.
A person is diving under the sea and taking video footage of a squid with an expensive underwater camera
A man is striking another man during a boxing match.
Outdoors, a groom is placing a ring on his beautiful bride.
An angry man is tearing up a contract beside an angry man and woman.
A woman is blowing into a brown and black striped flute.
A young is serving a volleyball in a professional match.
An elephant is hauling a log across a shallow river.
A little girl in a red sweater is shaking her present in front of a Christmas Tree.
A abandoned room with graffiti on the walls and a doll is hanging upside down from the ceiling.
A woman and a man talk to each other while sitting at a table in front of a large glass window.
A woman is placing ring on a man's finger at a wedding ceremony.
A man is fixing a tent while a woman sits inside.
Two people are blowing their nose while standing under a red umbrella in the woods.
People on the sidewalk, some waiting to catch the bus that is parked along the street.
This image shows you the correct method for catching a football
A man is calling someone on mobile phone and does not look happy.
The woman is waving her hair as she turns around in a row of bushes
A woman is carrying a baby in a baby carrier.
A pair of old looking hands being used to strike a match to light a candle.
A person with a large knife chops some fish on a tree stump.
A plow is being used to clear the snow from a road.
A person along the street has her hand up to call a cab.
Five large cranes are laying a long pipe along a body of water.
A thunderstorm struck a light in a dark sky at night.
A persons feet being soaked in a tub of water on a tile floor.
A cop is drawing his gun while standing in front of his vehicle talking to someone.
A young girl in glasses is waving her hands at the camera
A drill is being used to destroy the data on a hard drive.
A man is pressing his hands together while standing on one leg in a yoga pose.
A blue drill rig drilling a well in a grassy field.
A cow is drawing a plough to prepare a field for farming
A man on a ladder and a woman on the floor work together to hang wallpaper in their home.
A woman in a pink jacket blows up a blue balloon indoors.
Several camels in the desert walk along in a group hauling luggage and supplies.
A man is brushing his teeth by holding his brush at an angle.
A large group soldiers carrying guns are using donkeys to haul supplies.
A large construction machine tears down a building outside.
Someone is dusting star topped pies with sugar.
A man wearing a hat is drawing an arrow on his bow.
A closeup of a football player catching a football with both his hands.
A man in casual clothes and a hat is fixing a light blub in a kitchen.
A man uses a single hand to cut a deck of red cards.
People are flying laterns into the sky by the lake.
Someone hits a white golf ball outside in the grass.
A worker grinds a piece of metal using a powertool.
A group of two men and one woman are hanging out at a bar to have drinks.
A man clad in all white is blowing a horn outside surrounded by colorful flags
A woman lays outside on the ground on top of orange colored petals.
A woman smiles as she brushes her long, dark hair.
A big truck hauls several vehicles arranged on top of and behind the truck.
A jockey riding a horse  at a track is whipping the horse.
A man at a wedding jumps high to catch the bouquet of white flowers.
A diver is diving under the sea surrounded by dozens of colorful fish.
A person is hanging a wallpaper covered in a floral pattern.
A man in a pink shirt is grinding his teeth.
Somebody uses their hands to lift a newly born baby.
A metal drill piece is drilling through a piece of metal in a workshop
A woman is soaking her feet in a bowl of water filled with rocks.
A wide receiver jumps in the air to catch a football.
A group of children and others in an impoverished area are beging for food.
A young child is waiting for the bus near a pole.
A girl is riding on her fathers shoulders and both of them look happy.
A woman draws a bow in the park getting ready to shoot an arrow.
A young baby is crying because it is very upset
Someone is squeezing the juice out of a lemon that they clutch in their hand.
A young surfer is riding a wave in the ocean.
A group of friends who support the same team are watching a game together
A man demonstrates what it means to serve his nation in the British military.
A baby in a woman's arms is crying out without its mouthpiece.
A woman in the city is sticking out her tongue while she takes a photo.
A man wearing a tie is tearing off his shirt.
A man is watching birds with his camera and is laying in a gradd field by the lake.
A woman with red hair in technical gear is spreading her legs
A pilot is flying in an helicopter on a cloudy day.
The wind is blowing the clouds through the sky
Someone is breaking eggs with their hands into a glass bowl.
Some is driving a hred of sheep out of trash-infested ground.
Someone is fixing a bicycle gears.
A happy man is checking his messages using his phone in a hotel room
A woman in black is crying at a funeral.
Three young black children are carrying water in yellow buckets over their heads.
A man is riding a white horse while a brown horse is carrying supplies down a gravel road
Lots of decorative glass jelly fish are hanging from the ceiling.
A young woman is kneeling down and begging for mercy.
A group of young kids are catching a school bus.
A large number of donkeys are hauling supplies up a hill.
A businessman in a suit is looking through a window blinds.
A man in sick red shirt blowing his nose very strongly in a handkerchief.
A group of people at a bus stop waiting to catch a bus.
A groom dressed in a black suit is placing a ring on a beautiful bride's finger.
Someone is distributing a set of disney themed uno cards.
A girl with long curly hair is sticking her tongue out in snow to catch snow flakes.
A group of people are on the street of which two of them carry a statue to destroy it.
A group of young men are catching a bouquet thrown by a man.
A teenager is lying on the ground and looking towards the camera.
A woman is lifting up a baby to play with the baby.
A  long-haired blond woman covering her month.
An adult man in a wooded area is chopping trees with a machete.
A metal electronic whisker is whipping eggs.
A man and a woman watching a funny movie in a movie theater.
a man is diving into the pool
Donkeys are carrying supplies up a luscious green steep hill
Scene of people paying attention to a class in a classroom.
A man and a boy are fixing the boy's bicycle on the sidewalk.
A picture of a young soldier serving in the army.
This person is watching birds through a pair of binoculars
This machine is for sticking a label onto a bottle
A soldier is crawling under the fence during a training session in a camp.
These children are paying close attention in the classroom; one girl is raising her hand to ask a question.
A  woman is distributing food to other woman.
This man is fixing a bicycle in a repair shop
The red lines in this image shows the arc of a golfers swing as he is about to hit the ball.
A man in a jeep and a dog are driving a herd of a sheep.
A man locked up in a jail is putting his hands outside through the bars.
A white and black dog is begging for food.
A young man in a white tee shirt is blocking the view of his face by holding up his military dogtag necklace.
Two young men wearing red tee shirts, masks and jeans are clearing trash outside a brick building.
A woman is standing on a patio looking at the sky and and beautiful oceanfront outside.
Lights are hanging from the ceiling in an empty hair salon.
A skydiver is diving from the sky and it looks as if he is landing on the moon.
A women is flying in an helicopter at sunset.
A wild fire is spreading behind a bunch of green brush.
A large crowd of people are flying lanterns into the night sky already lit up with hundreds of lanterns.
A grey haired man in a orange tee-shirt and a woman in a green tee-shirt are moving boxes.
Volunteer workers are distributing food from a boat in a flooded town.
A man is taping moving boxes shut and looking up at a women carrying two moving boxes.
In this close-up picture, a man and woman lock lips for a kiss.
An unidentified object is blowing up against a blue grey background.
A man fixes a light fixture against a white background
A young girl wearing a blue dress is covering her face with her hands and peeping through her fingers.
A topless woman looks ahead of her while fixing her hair.
A group of teenagers in the back of a yellow van on the street are moving their belongings in a vehicle
A group of muncipality workers are cutting trees on the side of walkway.
A couple of women are placing their order to a waitress in a restaurant.
A group of young women is talking with each other while sitting on a bench with tress in the background.
A troubled woman looks at a noose hanging from the ceiling as if she is considering hanging herself.
A horse drawn carriage is passing on the street.
Two woman and a man are looking for directions in a map.
A close up of two individual's - likely a man and a woman based on the nails of the hand on the right - shaking hands.
A man in a blue business casual sweateis looking at this watch while smiling.
A young boy in a brightly coloured tank top is climbing up a tree during nice weather.
A large equipment is drilling a well.
A group of individuals dressed in military garb, which implies that they are soldiers serving in the army,  stand together  and regroup.
A group of young women and men are waving American flags in the air.
A picture of beautiful and highly ornate horse drawn carriage with trees in the background.
A young boy is laying on his stomach on the floor with his head propped up and watching TV, which seems to be the only furniture in an otherwise barren room.
A green tree that is  blown by the wind to the right; the tree is pictured alone with nothing but the sky as a background.
A man is hauling wood in a tractor.
A group of people are waving flags during sunset.
A man dressed in red and marked with a bindi is blowing into a flute.
An individual making an odd face is pressing her lips together, possibly while being filmed due to the focus being on her and the background being incredibly blurry.
A woman carries a very young baby in a front harness while the baby holds her pinkies; they appear to be walking down a city sidewalk.
An individual brushes the meat with some kind of sauce or marinade
A man with no shirt on climbing up a mountain that is fairly uniform in colour, with nothing but the sky in the background.
A woman is fixing a pink dress on a manikin.
A cute couple wearing blue are locked in a passionate kiss.
Two guys are diving through the sky over a beautiful coastal location.
A family is walking along the platform in order to catch a train.
Someone is drilling a metal sheet using a power drill.
Someone is breaking the car window with a long metal rod.
The magician in a black tuxedo is cutting the deck of cards.
A yellow asphalt roller is fixing the new  road.
Someone is brushing a baking glass pan with butter.
The old lady wearing pink, is blowing her nose.
A woman is soaking her fingers in soap water.
A man is lifting a phone receiver and looks terrified.
Three girls in traiditional indian clothing are carrying water containers over their heads in a desert.
A man in blue shorts is diving into the pool.
The boxer on the left powerfully strikes the other boxer's face.
A golden one dollar coin  is spinning in slow motion.
An archer is drawing a bow.
the little pretty girl is stuffing food into her mouth.
The African boy wearing a red blanket is blowing into a horn
the two guys in the jump suits are diving from sky.
The little girl in the gray sweater is blowing the flute.
A fire is spreading among a pile of fallen shipping containers
The man in the black jacket is spreading his legs next to the woman
the three guys are flying sky lanterns at sunset in the park.
A white guy is brushing his teeth with a blue toothbrush.
The chef has dusted the chocolate cake with powdered sugar.
A hardworking man is hauling a donkey with supplies in a market.
A crowd of people is watching something in the trees and capturing it in camera.
Two women, probably lesbians, are locking lips in a passionate kiss.
An old man is chopping meat on the chopping machine.
Someone is whipping cream in a bowl using the egg beater.
A girl in a pink frock in climbing up a ladder to play.
A young bearded man in the pink shirt is hanging out in the bar.
A large machinery is grinding the cane in a factory.
A group of school kids hanging out in a park in sunlight.
A lady in boy cut is brushing her tiny hair using a brush.
A teenager is spinning the ball in his index finger.
A cute dog is shaking hands with some person in his paw.
A man is whipping a woman on a stage infront of a large group of people.
A group of mourners are paying tribute at a funeral; one of them is crying
A man is playing golf and hitting the ball with the golf stick.
A person is squeezing wet cloth in broad daylight.
A man proposes to his girlfriend and places a ring on her finger
The shepherd is watching the sheep graze in the field
A giant constructive machinery is tearing down a building.
A homeless man is begging for food and work with a poster.
Two people are flying in a helicopter above a plain field in broad daylight.
A groom is placing ring on his bride's finger.
A man is drawing a buggy of white horses on the road.
A man is paying a restaurant bill in cash.
An old lady is shaking her fist and has a determined expression.
A frustrated man is tearing an agreement.
The man in glasses locks arms with the woman in glasses on the boulevard
The woman in Christmas costume is blowing a frosty kiss through the air
A man is hitting on a woman at the bar while having a drink.
An artistic rendering of an archer drawing a bow while standing on one foot
A man relaxing on the sofa is watching television.
The gentleman tears us a contract infront of an office desk
The woman talks sweetly to the man in bow-tie and black suit
The man rides his motorcycle and in the curve he greets with the thumb up
Someone is chopping meat on top of a red chopping board
The knife  spreads strawberry jelly on a toast on a white plate.
The jaguar rides on a motorcycle on the road doing acrobatics
A woman is grinding corn using grinding machine built with wood and stone.
A young girl is dusting kitchen with a yellow cloth under the supervision of an elder woman.
Three men serving in the army are smiling at the camera.
A baby is crying in a crib while hanging on the side.
A very strong man is lifting a very large stone.
A boy shakes the wrapped present in an attempt to guess its contents
A child and a man climb a tree using climbing apparatuses
the man dives into the pool while its still dark out
In the desert the man fixes a flat tire on the car
A waitress is serving the guests their plates of food in a restaurant.
A man is driving a team of horses in the snow
A woman in blue tears a contract in half.
A man is looking through the window of an office building at the sky
The individual is sky diving with a parachute from high up.
A man is blocking his ears with his hands as his wife is snoring behind him on the bed.
The basketball player is trying to block the basketball shot
Hundreds of records are hanging from the ceiling in a study room of library.
A man is chopping wood with an axe into smaller blocks.
a woman brushes off the shoulder of the man something that wasn't supposed to be there.
A solider is holding a gun while serving in the army.
the bird is spreading its grey and white wings.
a large crowd of patriotic people are waving an american flag
Two men are moving a couch with a woman sitting on it.
Two strong hands are tear apart a white contract
A ball cap wearing boy watches the television closely.
Someone is cutting ginger into fine pieces with a very sharp knife.
A woman with blonde hair is covering her mouth with her hand.
A man looks at a painting in a museum
A man in a Barcelona football shirt is hitting on a woman in a Barcelona football shirt in a stadium.
Someone is clearing snow with a shovel.
Someone is lifting a phone receiver to fix it.
A black truck is hauling wood to a house.
A group of men and women are waiting for the bus at a bus stop.
A girl is hitting the snooze button on her alarm clock next to her bed
A man and woman are looking and talking to each other.
Three friends are hanging out at a bar and taking a selfie
A mother is carrying her son in a sack through the park
The groom lifts the veil of the bride to kiss him at the wedding
A man in suit and glasses is calling a taxi by raising by hand.
Two women dressed in red are carrying baskets of water on their backs
The man on the left is paying a large sum of cash to the man on right but he is refusing to accept the money.
A man in a helment is riding a red motorcycle down the street.
The woman is cutting tomatoes and other vegetables.
A girls is diving into an infinity pool with the clam blue ocean and some beach buts in the background.
A girl is blowing kiss while holding a beach ball.
The man in the burgundy shirt chopping off the tress.
Someone in the background is dusting their hands with chalk
The man in a suit and tie is tearing open his shirt to reveal a red and white target on his chest
The baker brushes the cake pan with butter to keep the cake from sticking.
The man in a gray jumpsuit is fixing the tire on the white car.
The child is crawling up the stairs from the bottom up.
A close-up of someone whipping an egg with a whisk to make beaten egg
A woman carries an umbrella and looks straight up to soak herself in the sunlight.
The branches are set on fire and burning a tree.
A person is paying $100 cash to another person
The boxer on the left is striking the other boxer on the face
A player in red jersey is  serving a volleyball at a professional match.
The groom lifts the veil of the bride to observe the face
A yellow construction vehicle is clearing snow from the street
This image shows a horse drawn carriage without the horse on a sunny day.
The person is checking off boxes  in a survey that must be submitted
The man is breaking into the house using a crowbar.
The golfer is hitting the grass just in front of their golf ball
A chef is placing a covered pot with food in the oven.
The family are hanging out in the park on a blue inflatable.
Someone is locking the car with a remote control.
The machine is tearing down part of the building and knocked it down
A man in a black shorts is diving into a swimming pool.
The woman is brushing her hair with a comb to untangle her hair.
The man and a boy and a girl together break eggs into a bowl in a kitchen.
The crowd are waiting in line for their turn
Two people are climbing a snow-capped mountain on a beautiful day
Four kids carry a gallon of water each on their head.
A man with windswept hair is breaking into laughter
A man in a room is checking his messages while sitting on the bed
A large herd of sheep is blocking the road.
A woman is tearing a piece of purple colored paper.
A closeup of a a very young infant crying.
A mother is showing her young daughter how to brush her teeth.
The man blocks his ears to avoid hearing the noisy sound.
A man is mounting an elephant with support of its rear leg.
A child is riding on the shoulders of his father on a lovely family day out.
The men spread the cement on the construction site
A man is showing the menu to the waiter and placing order in a restaurant.
The lady is brushing the horse in a stable to take care of it
Someone is brushing baked goods with butter.
A horse is mounting a mare.
A man is whipping a woman  in a white burkha with a large crowd of people behind them.
A lady wearing swiming clothes is soaking up the sun at the beach.
A man dressed in black is breaking a car window in a parking lot.
The girl brushes her long hair with a soft brush to look beautiful.
Someone is sticking out their hand from a body of water.
A woman volleyball player is serving a ball very close to the net.
A man and woman are locking their lips in the middle of the street.
A chef is brushing the sides and bottom of a container with butter.
A car hits a group of children playing on the street.
People are grinding sugarcane using a trapiche machine
A young woman is blowing her hair with hair dryer.
A sheep dog is driving a herd of sheep in a meadow.
A man in red helmet is cutting a tree at the trunk in the forest with a saw.
The old woman blows her nose because she has some flu
Someone is waving  a flag while a truck is passing on the road.
A man is carrying a moving box marked as fragile.
The red truck is hauling wood on the back of the truck
A peice of metal is being drilled at a metalworking workshop.
An elder woman is begging for food on the street with a sign beside her.
A pickup truck is hauling three cars with a vehicle trailer attached to it.
Someone is whipping eggs with condensed milk in a white bowl with a steel whisker.
A worker with the necessary construction implements begins his program of spreading cement on the ground
A worker is grinding metal in a metalworking workshop.
A man with curly hair is covering his eyes with his hands.
A boxer is striking on face of other boxer in a boxing ring while a large crowd watches them.
A large group of people are flying tea-light laterns in the dark night sky
With the cutlery in hand a person waits idly for food
Someone is moving their entire household in a vehicle from one city to another through the highway.
The girl in the office is calling someone on a mobile phone
The mother broke down in tears when she heard of the son's fall in the classroom
Something is destroying the bridge across the river; two people stand on the shore
A line of police or military officers are drawing their guns
A man is cutting red bell peppers with a very sharp knife.
Someone is grinding a metal with a tool in a workshop.
A worker cuts diomonds with the work tools in the workshop.
A man is fixing a tire using a tool.
A large crane is tearing down a 3-floor brick building.
A woman is brushing a horse in front of a stable.
One person us watching over the sheep in a remote field; there is also a tent setup for the person.
A woman who is surrounded by family members is crying at a funeral
An aboriginal man is drawing a bow into the sky.
A pack of horses are hauling supplies up a stone path in the countryside
A man is laying bricks one after the other.
A thief is breaking into a house using a lockpick
Few large logs of wood are set on fire.
Someone is pressing their hands against each other.
Someone is hitting a large button with "NUT" written on it.
A man is carrying three cardboard boxes on top of each other.
A man is squeezing a yellow rag at the kitchen sink.
A man with a cowboy hat is driving a team of horses.
A bright green beetle and black legs crawl on a green leaf.
A blue tractor with a shovel clears the snow from the road
A young woman is blowing a horn with a group of people standing behind her.
A woman is covering her mouth with her right hand and has a shocked expression on her face.
An older woman with white hair blow her nose strongly against a white tissue.
A small child is riding on the shoulders of a man.
A soldier is crawling under the metal spiked fense and mud while carrying a gun.
A bright black insect is crawling on thin green leaves.
A long line of people are waiting in front of a DMV office
A girl with braided hair is brushing her teeth with a brush
A business man in a blue suit and red tie is climbing a ladder to the sky.
A blond woman in a gray suit standing on the edge of a road and  calling a taxi
a group of men are sky diving.
A man in a gray suit is looking through a pair of binoculars
Passgengers are moving in a small green and blue train.
A man is fixing his hair while looking into the mirror.
A small boy in a green shirt is waving his arms in the sand.
Construction equipment is almost crawling up a mountain to dig soil.
A woman blows into a flute.
Someone is brushing a dough with buttter before baking it.
A woman grinds corn to provide flour to sell to people.
This is a photo of drilling into the open ocean for oil.
A policeman is drawing his pistol.
A man is crawling up the pink carpeted stairs with a backpack.
The Brazilian flag is waving in the wind on a cloudy day.
A man is  aggressively chopping the wood off of a tree trunk
A bunch of toys and candy are hanging from the ceiling to entice children.
Someone is paying cash to another person in exchange for car keys.
A small girl has caught the bouquet at a wedding
A woman is paying for her groceries at a market with her credit card.
A woman is waving her hair by moving her head around.
A group of friends are intently watching a television show.
Two stags are locking their horns in a fight.
At a festival people are flying lanterns as part of a ritual.
A woman is soaking her feet in a bowl that is being filled with salts from a jar
A man pays respect to a memorial of someone that has passed.
At a terminal a group of officers are checking a bag for security purposes
A man is spinning a basketball on his middle finger.
Two friends are looking for directions on a tablet to plan out the rest of their day.
Two antelope fighting for dominance lock horns in a fight.
A woman is tearing a contract with tears in her eyes.
A hammer is hitting  a nail into the wooden surface.
A cute princess archer is drawing her bow
A girl is tearing her work contract with tears in her eyes
The boy in the gray shirt is covering one of his eyes with his hand
A person is flying a parachute in a red vehicle through some mountains
A girl in maroon hoodie and shoes is waving her hands.
A group of people is waiting for the bus at a bus stop, with two grey buildings in the background.
A young basketball player is spinning a ball on his finger.
A man in a bar vigorously shakes a drink in a cocktail shaker.
Someone is pressing dough onto a dish to make a pie.
A woman with a broom is clearing rubbish in front of a house.
A man is diving from the sky and seem to be very excited about it.
A very nice girl is blowing up a balloon in a green field
Two players are playing basketball and one of them is blocking the shot of the other one.
Someone is dusting the wooden furniture with a yellow rag
A group of photographers are possibly watching birds or a solar eclipse.
A woman is shaking her first as she looks at the message on her phone
A person in cowboy hat and blue shirt is whipping a horse.
A woman is fixing her hair in place with hair grips
The beautiful woman blows a kiss to the right.
A man is placing a pizza in the wood fired oven.
Thr groom is lifting the veil of the bride to kiss her.
A group of friends are hanging out at the bar and having drinks.
Someone is distributing books to children in school.
A large group of people are waving flags together into the sky.
People have to climb up a sand dune to reach the chasm and reach out to others.
A woman is blowing kiss at the camera.
A man in a suitcase is climbing up the stairs.
A woman is distributing a piece of card across a brown table
The girl is climbing up the ladder to achieve her goal
A man is grinding metal in a workshop with sparks flying everywhere
Someone is driving a herd of camels in the desert.
A policeman is inspecting the scene of an accident and looks like someone is hit by a car.
A man is destroying a statue with a metal hammer.
Someone is drawing on a paper with a pencil.
Two black cows are locking their horns in a field.
A woman is hanging pink wallpaper to make everything look more beautiful.
A group of people are carrying buckets of water home to their families.
These women are carrying heavy buckets of water on their heads because they are strong.
A chef is pressing dough to make a particular shape of pastry.
A boy in a green shirt is blowing a huge balloon.
A man is talking to two friends about an important decision in his life.
A woman is setting her hair with rollers.
A man is diving into the pool from an elevated surface.
A make is clearing snow with a powerful fan
Someone is checking the map to find a location of something.
A huge crowd of people are waiting in the queue to visit the Eiffel Tower
A woman in a blue swim suit is diving into the pool.
Two young women are hanging out in the park and having fun.
A group of people are waiting for the food to be distributed.
Someone just spun a quarter coin.
A young boy is covering his eyes with his right hand.
A woman is soaking her feet in the spa to do manicures and treatments later.
Two children are flying kites in a dense forest
a group of people are striking in the main square of the city
Someone is whipping a cake mix with an electronic whipper.
An old woman is spinning the wool with a wodden yarn.
A group of teenagers are crying at a funeral.
Someone is drilling a group of military troops next to some hanging flags
A couple of men are grinding the cane with a complicated wood machine that powered by horse walking around in a circle.
A truck with large machinery on it is drilling well to extract water from the ground.
The bulls are locking horns to claim their place at the farm
A couple of woman are sitting on elephants in the river and soaking up the sun on a sunny day.
A man is hanging from a rope while a large group of crocodiles are looking up to pull his legs.
A group of football players are all locking their arms and sitting in a row.
A woman is waving her hair and looking at a bird spreading its wings above her.
A person is pressing the white cloth with a blue iron
A large construction equipment is fixing the potholes on the road.
A lumberjack is chopping down a tree with a chainsaw in the forest
Someone is squeezing a stress ball with both of their hands.
A worker is grinding metal in the manufacturing workshop.
An older man is talking to the room full of audience.
The father of the bride lifts her veil to present her to the groom.
A male athlete is dusting his hands with white chalk in preparation for a competition
Two men watch over cows as machinery is squeezing  milk from their udders.
A man is blowing a glass and shaping it on a table.
An archer in a long green coat is drawing a bow.
A man in a ski mask is breaking into a house with a crowbar.
The woman dressed in blue athletic clothes is waving her arms as she exercises
A man in suit is looking at his watch and he is surprised.
Two men are laying a tile carefully at a construction site.
A woman is calling  someone on her cell phone as she lays on the carpet
A woman in a floral dress smiles as she catches the bouquet at a wedding.
A team of construction men are laying pipes across a field.
Someone is brushing the fur of a brown animal with a large metal comb.
A man in a Santa hat makes a face and sticks his tongue out.
A young girl is watching a blank and bright television in a dark room.
The man in a suit climbs up the stairs to the building.
A man in a blue shirt is locked up in a jail.
The woman is riding a sweet wave during a beautiful sunset
Two men move a black leather couch out of a truck.
A group of men are destroying statuste with a metal hammer in the middle of the road.
A person wearing a blue toga is whipping the horse they are standing atop.
The man in the 23 jersey blocks the shot from the man in the 40 jersey.
A large number of sheep are blocking the road with mountains on one side and a beautiful lake on the other side.
A man in black shorts is riding a wave on a beautiful beach.
A man is catching a train by running on a platform.
A woman is dusting wooden shelfs with a white cloth.
A squirrel is stuffing nuts into his mouth.
Someone blew up a bomb at a distance and that triggered a lot of dust and smoke into the air.
Women are distributing food to many people in an Arab country.
A group of people are sitting in a row in a classroom and paying attention to something.
Two rhinos in the background are locking horns while another two rhinos in the foreground watch the contest.
A woman and a yong boy are squeezing a cleaning cloth together and smiling at each other.
A mother and a daughter are dusting kitchen surface with a yellow cloth.
a man wearing black and white gloves is catching a football.
Someone is dusting off chalk from their hands while standing in front of a blackboard.
a gray cat with black stripes is squeezing its paw through the door
Someone is dusting Christmas pies with icing sugar
A beautiful bird is spreading its blue and black colored wings.
Someone is flying in a multicolored helicopter.
A female waitress is waiting in a cafe .
A chef is cutting carrots on a board.
A young boy is sticking colorful paper and cotton balls to a black sheet of paper with glue.
